love is in the air darlings and spring
is right around the corner and it would
only be right to match the weather with
a fun flirty look ladies it's easy all
this can be yours by using the braided
bantu knot let me show you take a
section of damp hair if you're using
long extensions like me you can use a
bit of light holding mousse but natural
girls don't need it take that section of
hair and braid it all the way down now
here's the tricky part make a small loop
at the root of the braid and then start
to wrap the entire brain around that
loop when i first started panting adding
it took me like an hour so this can take
some practice don't worry and after
you've done the bantu knot it usually
holds if you're not using super straight
hair or extensions like me but if you
need help you can use a tiny rubber band
you can leave them in from an hour up to
overnight or if you're asked a girl like
me you can wrap your hair and wait and
daydream about standing along the river
waiting for your love a boy time to take
it out gently unbraid your hair and
finger comb through the curls don't use
a comb or brush or go okay girl you're
taking all day get out the house it's
playtime oh and this style is so perfect
for first dates because it has that sexy
tahsil look that guys love so cute so if
you guys like this tutorial subscribe
and like me baby now go outside and fall
in love